{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Bibliography
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 Busching, F., Schildt, S., & Wolf, L. (2012). DroidCluster: Towards Smartphone Cluster Computing \'96 The Streets are Paved with Potential Computer Clusters. In 
\i 2012 32nd International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems Workshops (ICDCSW)
\i0  (pp. 114 \'96117). Presented at the 2012 32nd International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems Workshops (ICDCSW). doi:10.1109/ICDCSW.2012.59\
Cai-dong, G., Kan, L., Jian-ping, W., Ying-li, F., Jing-Xiang, L., Chang-shui, X., \'85 Zhao-bin, L. (2010). The Investigation of Cloud-Computing-based Image Mining Mechanism in Mobile Communication WEB on Android. In 
\i 2010 9th International Conference on Grid and Cooperative Computing (GCC)
\i0  (pp. 408 \'96411). Presented at the 2010 9th International Conference on Grid and Cooperative Computing (GCC). doi:10.1109/GCC.2010.85\
Chen, J., Zou, Y., Liu, Z., & Wu, Q. (2011). Enabling Grid Computing over IPv6 within a Campus Network. In 
\i 2011 Fourth International Symposium on Parallel Architectures, Algorithms and Programming (PAAP)
\i0  (pp. 285 \'96288). Presented at the 2011 Fourth International Symposium on Parallel Architectures, Algorithms and Programming (PAAP). doi:10.1109/PAAP.2011.71\
Chu, D. C., & Humphrey, M. (2004). Mobile OGSI.NET: grid computing on mobile devices. In 
\i Fifth IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Grid Computing, 2004. Proceedings
\i0  (pp. 182 \'96 191). Presented at the Fifth IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Grid Computing, 2004. Proceedings. doi:10.1109/GRID.2004.44\
Dean, J., & Ghemawat, S. (2008). MapReduce: simplified data processing on large clusters. 
\i Commun. ACM
\i0 , 
\i 51
\i0 (1), 107\'96113. doi:10.1145/1327452.1327492\
Fadika, Z., Dede, E., Govindaraju, M., & Ramakrishnan, L. (2011). Benchmarking MapReduce Implementations for Application Usage Scenarios. In 
\i 2011 12th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Grid Computing (GRID)
\i0  (pp. 90 \'9697). Presented at the 2011 12th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Grid Computing (GRID). doi:10.1109/Grid.2011.21\
Fadika, Zacharia, Dede, E., Hartog, J., & Govindaraju, M. (2012). MARLA: MapReduce for Heterogeneous Clusters. In 
\i Proceedings of the 2012 12th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Grid Computing (ccgrid 2012)
\i0  (pp. 49\'9656). Washington, DC, USA: IEEE Computer Society. doi:10.1109/CCGrid.2012.135\
File:Transistor Count and Moore\'92s Law - 2011.svg. (n.d.). In 
\i Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
\i0 . Retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Transistor_Count_and_Moore%27s_Law_-_2011.svg\
Gunarathne, T., Wu, T.-L., Qiu, J., & Fox, G. (2010). MapReduce in the Clouds for Science. In 
\i 2010 IEEE Second International Conference on Cloud Computing Technology and Science (CloudCom)
\i0  (pp. 565 \'96572). Presented at the 2010 IEEE Second International Conference on Cloud Computing Technology and Science (CloudCom). doi:10.1109/CloudCom.2010.107\
Ip, C. Y., & Varshney, A. (2011). Saliency-assisted navigation of very large landscape images. 
\i IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics
\i0 , 
\i 17
\i0 (12), 1737\'961746.\
Jin, C., Vecchiola, C., & Buyya, R. (2008). MRPGA: An Extension of MapReduce for Parallelizing Genetic Algorithms. In 
\i IEEE Fourth International Conference on eScience, 2008. eScience  \'9208
\i0  (pp. 214 \'96221). Presented at the IEEE Fourth International Conference on eScience, 2008. eScience  \'9208. doi:10.1109/eScience.2008.78\
Jin, H., Yang, X., Sun, X.-H., & Raicu, I. (2012). ADAPT: Availability-Aware MapReduce Data Placement for Non-dedicated Distributed Computing. In 
\i Proceedings of the 2012 IEEE 32nd International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems
\i0  (pp. 516\'96525). Washington, DC, USA: IEEE Computer Society. doi:10.1109/ICDCS.2012.48\
Kakantousis, T., & Kalogeraki, V. (2012). A Mobile Platform for Managing Mobile MapReduce Participatory Sensing Data. In 
\i Applications and the Internet (SAINT), 2012 IEEE/IPSJ 12th International Symposium on
\i0  (pp. 196\'96201). Retrieved from http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=6305281\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f1 \cf0 Linpack for Android. (2011, June 24). Retrieved from https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.greenecomputing.linpack
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 Mache, J., & Apon, A. (2007). Teaching Grid Computing: Topics, Exercises, and Experiences. 
\i IEEE Transactions on Education
\i0 , 
\i 50
\i0 (1), 3 \'969. doi:10.1109/TE.2006.890543\
Mancini, E., Wainer, G., Al-Zoubi, K., & Dalle, O. (2012). Simulation in the Cloud Using Handheld Devices. In 
\i Proceedings of the 2012 12th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Grid Computing (ccgrid 2012)
\i0  (pp. 867\'96872). Washington, DC, USA: IEEE Computer Society. doi:10.1109/CCGrid.2012.65\
Peng, L., Ng, L. K., & See, S. (2005). YellowRiver: a flexible high performance cluster computing service for grid. In 
\i Eighth International Conference on High-Performance Computing in Asia-Pacific Region, 2005. Proceedings
\i0  (p. 6 pp. \'96558). Presented at the Eighth International Conference on High-Performance Computing in Asia-Pacific Region, 2005. Proceedings. doi:10.1109/HPCASIA.2005.102\
Performance Development. (n.d.). TOP500. Retrieved from http://www.top500.org/statistics/perfdevel/\
Schwartz, E. (n.d.). The Mobile Device Is Becoming Humankind\'92s Primary Tool (Infographics Feature) | MIT Technology Review. 
\i MIT Technology Review
\i0 . Retrieved February 27, 2013, from http://www.technologyreview.com/news/421826/the-mobile-device-is-becoming-humankinds-primary-tool-infographics-feature/\
Sedgewick, R., & Wayne, K. (2013, February 9). SimpsonsRule.java. Retrieved from http://introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/93integration/SimpsonsRule.java.html\
Shah, S. C., & Park, M.-S. (2011). Energy efficient resource allocation in mobile ad hoc computational grids. In 
\i 2011 Third International Conference on Communication Systems and Networks (COMSNETS)
\i0  (pp. 1 \'9610). Presented at the 2011 Third International Conference on Communication Systems and Networks (COMSNETS). doi:10.1109/COMSNETS.2011.5716409\
Yang, G. (2011). The Application of MapReduce in the Cloud Computing. In 
\i 2011 2nd International Symposium on Intelligence Information Processing and Trusted Computing (IPTC)
\i0  (pp. 154 \'96156). Presented at the 2011 2nd International Symposium on Intelligence Information Processing and Trusted Computing (IPTC). doi:10.1109/IPTC.2011.46\
Zhao, J., Zhang, J., Jia, S., Li, Q., & Zhu, Y. (2011). A MapReduce framework for on-road mobile fossil fuel combustion CO2 emission estimation. In 
\i 2011 19th International Conference on Geoinformatics
\i0  (pp. 1 \'964). Presented at the 2011 19th International Conference on Geoinformatics. doi:10.1109/GeoInformatics.2011.5980759\
}